
java/io/File filesystem
java/io/File/<init> filesystem
android/content/Context/openFileInput filesystem
android/os/Environment/getExternalStorageDirectory sdcard
android/os/Environment/getExternalStoragePublicDirectory sdcard
android/os/Environment/getDataDirectory filesystem
android/os/Environment/getExternalStorageState sdcard
android/media/ExifInterface picture
android/media/ExifInterface/<init> picture
android/media/ExifInterface/getLatLong location
android/os/Bundle/getStringArrayList tobedetermined
android/content/Context/getCacheDir filesystem
android/provider/Browser.BOOKMARKS_URI browserbookmark
android/provider/Browser.HISTORY_PROJECTION browserhistory
android/telephony/SmsMessage/getMessageBody sms
android/location/LocationManager/getLastKnownLocation location
android/location/Location/getLatitude location
android/location/Location/getLongitude location
android.location/LocationManager/requestLocationUpdates location
android/location/Location/getTime location
android/location/Address/getAddressLine location
android/location/Address/getAdminArea location
android/location/Address/getCountryCode location
android/location/Address/getCountryName location
android/location/Address/getFeatureName location
android/location/Address/getLatitude location
android/location/Address/getLongitude location
android/location/Address/getSubLocality location
android/location/Address/getLocality location
android/location/Geocoder/<init> location
android/location/Geocoder/getFromLocationName location
android/location/Geocoder/isPresent location
android/net/wifi/WifiManager/getDhcpInfo network
android/net/DhcpInfo.ipAddress network
java/net/Socket network
java/net/Socket/<init> network
android/accounts/AccountManager/getAccountsByType phone
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getNetworkCountryIso phone
android/view/OrientationListener/onSensorChanged phone
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/incomingCallNumber phone
java/io/FileInputStream/available filesystem
android/location/Location/getLatitude location
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getNeighboringCellInfo phone
android/location/LocationManager/getProviders location
java/io/FileInputStream/close filesystem
android/hardware/SensorManager/registerListener sensor
android/speech/SpeechRecognizer/startListening voice
android/accounts/AccountManager/ddOnAccountsUpdatedListener phone
android/accounts/AccountManager/get account
android/speech/SpeechRecognizer/stopListening voice
android/widget/QuickContactBadge/assignContactFromEmail phone
android/hardware/Camera/takePicture picture
android/hardware/Camera/open picture
java/io/File/listFiles filesystem
android/location/Location/distanceTo location
android/database/Cursor/getString tobedetermined
java/io/FileInputStream/read filesystem
java/io/FileInputStream/finalize filesystem
android/telephony/SmsMessage/getOriginatingAddress sms
android/app/ActivityManager/getRecentTasks phone
android/os/DropBoxManager/getNextEntry phone
android/content/ContentResolver/openInputStream filesystem
android/telephony/cdma/CdmaCellLocation/getBaseStationId phone
android/media/AudioRecord voice
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getDeviceId deviceid
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getSubscriberId phone
android/accounts/AccountManager/getAuthTokenByFeatures phone
android/accounts/AccountManager/hasFeatures phone
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getLine1Number phone
android/location/LocationManager/getProvider location
android/location/Location/getAltitude location
android/location/Location/getBearing location
android/location/LocationListener/onLocationChanged location
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getVoiceMailNumber voice
android/hardware/SensorEventListener/onSensorChanged sensor
android/media/MediaRecorder/setVideoSource media
android/hardware/SensorListener/onSensorChanged sensor
android/widget/QuickContactBadge/assignContactFromPhone contact
java/io/FileInputStream/getFD filesystem
android/content/ContentResolver/registerContentObserver phone
android/location/LocationManager/requestLocationUpdates location
android/content/ContentResolver/openOutputStream filesystem
android/hardware/SensorEventListener/onAccuracyChanged sensor
java/io/FileInputStream/skip filesystem
android/accounts/AccountManager/getAccounts account
android/accounts/AccountManager/getAccountsByTypeAndFeatures account
android/accounts/AccountManager/invalidateAuthToken account
android/app/ActivityManager/getRunningAppProcesses phone
android/app/ActivityManager/getRunningServices phone
android/app/ActivityManager/getRunningTasks phone
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getVoiceMailAlphaTag voice
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getCellLocation location
android/telephony/SmsMessage/SmsMessage/getMessageBody sms
android/media/MediaRecorder/setAudioSource media
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getDeviceSoftwareVersion phone
android/view/OrientationListener/onAccuracyChanged location
android/location/Location/getLongitude location
android/content/Intent/getExtras ipc
android/content/ContentResolver/query tobedetermined
android/location/LocationManager/isProviderEnabled location
java/io/FileInputStream filesystem
android/hardware/SensorListener/onAccuracyChanged sensor
android/telephony/TelephonyManager/getSimSerialNumber serialid
android/app/ActivityManager/getRunningTasks phone
android/app/Activity/getSystemService phone
android/location/LocationManager/getBestProvider location
android/speech/SpeechRecognizer/cancel voice
java/io/FileInputStream/getChannel filesystem
android/location/LocationManager/getLastKnownLocation location
android/content/ContentResolver/openFileDescriptor filesystem
java/util/Random/<init> random
java/util/Random random
org/apache/http/client/methods/HttpGet network
org/apache/http/client/methods/HttpGet/<init> network
org/apache/http/HttpResponse/getEntity network
org/apache/http/HttpEntity/getContent network
android/net/wifi/WifiInfo/getIpAddress network
android/net/wifi/WifiInfo/getSSID network
android/net/wifi/WifiInfo/getConnectionInfo network
java/net/DatagramSocket/receive network
java/net/Socket/getInetAddress network
java/net/Socket/getInputStream network
java/net/Socket/getLocalAddress network
java/util/Random/<init> random
java/util/Random/nextInt random
java/util/Random/nextDouble random
android/database/sqlite/SQLiteDatabase/openDatabase database
android/database/sqlite/SQLiteDatabase/update database
android/database/sqlite/SQLiteDatabase/rawQuery database
android/os/Message/obtain network
java/io/ByteArrayInputStream/<init> filesystem
java/net/DatagramPacket<init> network
java/net/DatagramPacket/getData network
java/net/DatagramPacket/getAddress network
java/net/DatagramPacket/getPort network

